[Autogenerated] already.
Now let's go ahead and look at parameter store within systems manager.
Parameter store is a service offered by AWS for us to
store parameter key value pairs.
Now you can do it in a flat key value,
or you can do it hierarchically with path based parameters.
As you can see here on the screen,
there's slash environment abbreviation slash application
slash parameter that we're looking for.
So we have a dev database password.
We have a prod database password and we have a user for both as well.
Now what this does is it allows us to isolate and put in extremely
granular controls within our I am policies for whichever rolls or
users need to access these parameters.
So maybe ________ Dev related land does we can just go ahead and
specify that it can read anything under slash Dev,
But we want to deny it to prod.
So we do not include that.
In that case, it could read both of these top parameters, but not the bottom.
Now,
to show you how this kind of works I spun up a CloudFormation stack and
this is included in the downloadable is for this course and all it does
is it creates a lambda a policy and a role.
So let's look at that.
Now, Now, on this, get parameters function.
Let's just take a look at the code here,
and what we're doing is we're utilizing the bow to three client for S S M.
We're pulling in some of the environment variables that we're using so
you can see our environment and application key,
which error set here at the bottom of the screen.
And then I'm substituting within an F string and python to
set the path that we're looking for.
And then when the Lambda invokes, the handler itself,
essentially just prints out a few messages and then the response.
So when I run this, it should look for the slash dev slash database,
and then it runs recursive Lee, so it should find both the user and password.
So let me create a test event and run this.
Oh, that's a good sign.
We got succeeded.
So let's expand.
We don't return anything we just print.
So if we scroll to the log output, you see,
let's pull the password of the app for the environment.
We're using our path that we defined here,
and then it's printing the parameters in JSON.
So there's a list of two parameters database password,
and then we have database user, and that's it.
So there's only two.
It doesn't see the Prod ones,
and you can see it pulls the type that it is as well
as the value for that parameter.
So you can parse this output and then use it as you see fit.
An example of this would be using this to gain access to a
password in an automated fashion to connect a maybe a database
or some type of back end application.
So let's just test one more time.
I want to change this to production.
I'll save it, and then I'll test again and we should have a different result.
Let me expand and we do.
You see what we're now getting Prod database,
password and prod database user and those error all
being pulled from systems manager now, if we wanted to,
you can also create a secure string, and we'll give it prod application password.
I'll make it a secure string.
We'll use the default key just so I don't have to set up more permissions.
But if you want to, you can specify a K M s key,
and then you need to grant permissions to your land a role or
whichever role or user is accessing this.
So let's go and type the password Here.
I'll go ahead.
I'll create it.
And then let's see if we can reach this so I would go to my Lambda,
edit the variables and let's test and there we go,
another success,
and now you can see it's pulling prod application as opposed to database.
And it found the one parameter we have of password.
And it's a secure string so you can see the password value comes in decrypted.
But if you look in systems manager, you'll see it hides the value.
So this is encrypting the value on the back end,
and when you click show,
it's basically running a decrypt command in the background,
using that kms key so it can display it.
Now that's going to do it for this demo on parameter store and its use cases.
I do recommend you check this out.
It's a very handy service for secrets management within
an architecture er in an enterprise, so we'll break here and then we'll pick up with the module review and wrap up